---
title: "2013"
date: "2015-05-28T22:40:32.169Z"
path: "/2013/"
cardTitle: "2013"
---

Das Boot was founded in Fall of 2012 by three freshmen - Chris Dieckhaus, Connor Tinen, and Andrew Method. That December, the trio rounded up 9 of their friends to fill out the tent. However, trouble struck before the season began, with five members pulling out just a week before tenting was to begin. Scrabbling, the group managed to fill the vacancies, and ended up with a tent compromising heavily of the Duke Catholic Center (75% of the tent was Catholic).

The season got off to a quick start. No premade tents were allowed for the Black Tenting period, but Chief Engineering Officer Connor Tinen and fellow engineers Andrew Method and Rob Smith constructed a solid tent from plywood and tarp. It was due to the original tent's shoe-shaped structure that a name arose - Das Boot.

In addition to being heavily Catholic, Das Boot was relatively inexperienced - half of the team were freshmen, most of whom were rushing in some form or the other. However, a Black Tenting week uninterupted by grace led to a tight-knit tent community. The weather was for the most part a non-factor, save for the night of the Georgia Tech game in which Dieckhaus and Tinen completely disassembled the tent due to strong wind and heavy rain. In what was a record tenting season of 60 Black Tents, Das Boot managed to grab Tent #28.

The tenting season came to an end on February 13, 2013, when [Duke defeated UNC 73-68](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdN42xivYEQ).