---
title: "2014"
date: "2015-05-28T22:40:32.169Z"
path: "/2014/"
cardTitle: "2014"
---

Though one member was lost due to graduation, Captain Chris Dieckhaus still had 50% of Das Boot to fill coming into the second tenting season. Das Boot signed two freshmen, as well as three experienced seniors and a sophomore from another tent. Hopes were high going into the long season.

However, Mother Nature had other plans. January and February were uncharacteristically cold, and approximately half of the two week Black Tenting period was lost due to grace. In fact, Duke cancelled classes on five occasions due to snow. While this certainly made the stress of tenting easier, the weather took a big toll on group cohesiveness, as the tent never really had to struggle through Black Tenting together like in 2013.

Nevertheless, 2014 was a very successful season. Building on their experience from the previous year, Das Boot knew what to expect and were better prepared for the intricacies of tenting. A 12 x 16 foot base of plywood was laid down to combat the muddy Kville conditions, and the tent was strategically placed along the Kville sidewalk. Even the Betsey Ross and Das Boot flags made a return, withstanding snow and rain to fly proudly above the tent.

Due to the long season and tough weather, competition was not nearly as fierce as the year before, allowing Das Boot to snag Tent #6. And most importantly, on March 8, 2014, [Duke defeated UNC 93-81](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kI3EE10Drxc) as Das Boot watched from the front row.